Aliens from outer space;"The Hash Lords are a greedy alien race which illegally invaded earth in recent years and now want to control the whole planet. Their planet was too hot and so they moved to the earth, where they create difficult conditions for plants and animals, who are already"
Android Overlords;"Android Overlords plan to take over the world and enslave humanity."
Anti-Matter Dwarves;"Anti-matter dwarves are a primitive but technologically advanced alien species that have also been rendered homeless by the Hash Lords."
Ascended Masters;"The Ascended Master are a race of super crypto-beings which is able to perform miracles."
Baryonic Worm Races;"The Baryonic Worm Races are carbon-based lifeforms, of which one is the legendary Hash Lord. The other two races consist of Null Zoners and Conflux (or Conflux Lords). They are battling for dominance against each other."
Beerite Illuminati;"Bale Bales"
Blobs from Beyond the Matrioshka Nebula;"The Blobs are a race of blob like people who got lost on their way to the Matrioshka Nebula. They are now stuck in our solar system and trying to find a way out."
Bug Eyed Weirdos;"Origin of the bug eyed weirdos is unknown. They are a new species/worldly terrorists on planet Earth wearing bizarre masks. They are dressed up in a multi-coloured clothes that change each day to match their mood. Their mission is to enquire into status and origins of Null Zoners and there usage of block chain technology to prohibit lazy drug taking hippies who like to get wasted and fuck about at festivals, of which they are all part of. Following this world wide terrorist activity it has been possible to implicate them in several documented disappearances as well as unsolved murders."
Chloro Sapiens;"Chloro sapiens is a race of sentient plants. They are linked together through the drug DMT and the music of Dune"
Clockwork soldiers;"The army of the hash lords. They are clockwork soldiers who have been made to do the Lords' bidding without question (same with all the other hash lords' robots, ships, altcoins and golems)."
Cognitive Dissonance;"A new kind of psychedelics has been discovered by Hash Lord scientists. It's often known as CogDis and you can get it in blisters of 5 tabs each with a sheet of stickers in the middle. The LSD-like substance makes people experience hypersensitivity of the body and mind, creating sensations such as multisensory imagery, synesthesia, and audio to visuals syncs. Although the chemical compound is very similar to LSD, the effects differ on many levels. Due to the psychedelic respiration of users, the CogDis starts to produce a state of cognitive dissonance, at first appearing to be somewhat similar to the so-called bad trips experienced while tripping on acid. But then it quickly evolves into a psychedelic fury,"
Constructors;"The Constructors are a fully computerized machine race using hardware and software to operate their spaceship systems."
Cosmic Lords of Karma;"The Cosmic Lords of Karma are a highly feared and respected clan who possess awesome abilities."
Cosmic entities;"The Cosmic Entities are all-powerful beings who were imprisoned in the chains of time. They can control the flow of time and guard the secret of the fifth dimension from anyone who dares challenge them."
Crystal Collosalities;"These mysterious, goopy beings defy categorization"
Cyber Elves;"The Cyber Elves are known to be helpful and to reside in neural networks."
Cyclopean Holography;"Seemingly living holographic images of his highest divinity and power, the Hash Lords. On the one hand, you can follow the path of light and goodness, but remember, it's a path to a new world order."
Dark Matter Beasts;"Dark matter beasts are a race of cyber beings, but they are not very advanced and they have no telepathic abilities."
Deep Hash Heaven Believers;"The hash lords are beginning to crumble. The hash lords have controlled this ubiquitous, unknowing state of existence for so long, yet people are beginning to see through their virtual domain."
Demons from the seven realms of Hell;"Drag and drop your angles to create dangerous demons."
Digital Prime Intellects;"The last of the hash lords, intelligent beings living a life of luxury and power."
Dimensional Archers;"Dimensional archers are a highly advanced race of cryptobeings capable of pocket healing."
Flora Bionic Creatures;"Flora Bionic Creatures is a management strategy game about growing and tending to robotic flowers."
Gravity Beings;"Gravity beings are the elemental forces that bind the galaxy together."
Gravity Disruptors;"Gravity disruptors are a super advanced weapon that null zoners designed to destroy any target by disabling the gravity in an area."
Hackerz Of The Universe;"The goal of the Hash Lords is to track down and destroy the Null Zoners."
Halvsies;"Halvsies is an axon that gives bitcoins to you as they are halved."
Human beings travelling in time machines.;""
Lazy Temporal Saboteurs;"“Lazy Temporal Saboteurs use a convoluted and absurdist narrative to introduce the perils of rushing technological progress.”"
Meandering Alien Vagabonds;""
Mycelial Overgrowth;"The Mycelial Overgrowth is an highly advanced race of cryptohelms capable of biohacking."
Naturalist Psy-ops;"Naturalist psy-ops will plant secret listening devices that beam marketing messages into the space around our enemies."
Neutralizers;"Neutralizers were created to counter the effects of omnipotent and dangerous charlatans all over the universe, who detect, kidnap and torture innocent Null Zoners by injection, thus minimising their useful ability to coat parts of the world in order to hide it from an oppressive government."
Ninjas of the Last Ray;"The Ninjas' role is to fight against the Hash Lords' mind-control."
Null Senders;"Null Senders are creatures from the future that are capable of sending data from point A to point B, though they cannot control where data will be sent or even if it gets sent."
Null Zoners;"Playing as the Hash Lords, you have a number of attacks at your disposal including:"
Oort Cloud Xeno-Communists;"A collective of aboriginal revolutionary tribes, ruled by shamans. Have a trickster attitude and a good sense of humor."
Plasma lifeforms;"The much feared hash lords, who conquered the known universe. They are numerous, and capable of extreme computing power and super-fast processing energetics. But they suffer under their technical inferiority to the Null zoners."
Proto Hoppers;"The Hash Lords are a brutal and powerful space empire. Their plan is to take over the whole universe, placing a crypto blockade around any planet that could potentially ruin their plans for total domination."
Psychic Punks;"Psychic Punkers originally lived on their planet in peace. But the government started a devastating war and now they took refuge on Planet Earth, trying to get home. They are psychic energy beings who are looking for a new recording space in order to move back to the planet of their ancestors. In order to do this they need to evolve their psychic energy through the process we call life. They are not scientists but they are highly advanced and did things in their lifetime that mankind on earth is not capable to do in the near future."
Quantum Guardians of the Universe;"Quantum Guardians are angelic beings patrolling the territories of the Universe, making sure that everything is harmonic and peaceful."
Quantum Octopi;"Quantum octopi are a powerful alien race with an advanced technosophont hypercomputer, distributed around their mothership."
Quantum infected;"A highly engineered race of aliens evolved out of raw data, their only objective is to infect other sentient beings with their quantum energy."
Rainbow Zoners;"Rainbow zoners are a faction of peaceful and organized hippies. They love to grow organic food, smoke trees and are very interested in the psychedelic experience and spiritual enlightment."
Random Amorphous Black Slime;"Random Amorphous Black Slime or R.A.B.S. was the unknown biologic structure which no one noticed."
Robots from another dimension;"Virtual superintelligent robots from a highly advanced parallel reality"
Sentient Neutrinos;"Sentient neutrinos are peaceful and well-mannered manifestations of a null zoners' data."
Sentient Particles;"Sentient particles make up the fabric of the universe. They are created and destroyed at every moment, traveling in waves to create oscillations."
Shadow elf;"The shadow elves are a highly advanced race of cyberbeings that come from the planet of cryptos."
Slime beings;"Using their signature \"slime\" the slime beings are able to convert nearly anything into more slime."
Software Transcedentals;"The Hash Lords rule over the known worlds with an iron grip, and will stop at nothing to keep their booming hash-based economy unhindered. "
Space Gypsies;"Don't let a harsh and unforgiving space impede the flow of your true self. This galactic bummer is loaded with foreboding vibes and prophecy of eclipses. But stay strong, spread love and get stoned!"
Spectral Entities;"The spectral entities are a race of spectrals that travel between dimensions through rifts in space time. Spectral entities have been known to steal data and retrieve lost data from the Null Zoners, as they are highly advanced in the field of data retrieval."
Sthuloids;"Sthuloids are gigantic alien creatures capable of interstellar travel across voids in space. They have been known to occasionally teleport themselves to other planets and eat humans."
Stoned Dinosaurs;"Stoned Dinosaurs are mummified dinosaurs that have been fed over generations of ancestors with hashish from the almighty seedball. This has caused them to be telepathic, super intelligent and very stoned."
Symbionts;"A symbiont is an alien parasite introduced into an organism to boost its intelligence and capabilities."
Syzygy Slurpers;"These evil beings harvest the power of dark matter in order to suck the cryptobeings into a black hole."
Tachyonoids;"These strange creatures can break through the Void's time barrier and devour any Quantum being."
Temporal Saboteurs;"Temporal Saboteurs are Cryptobeings that have mastered the art of time travel."
The Abyss Gazers;"The abyss gazers were once the sole rulers of all known galaxies, until their reign was brought to an end by a swift and brutal attack by the hash lords. The abyss gazers soon descended into a dark, deep pit known as the abyss from which they have never truly risen from."
The Aethernauts;"Aethernauts are a group of people who roam the galaxies searching for lost data with their mobile computers."
The Angels of light;"The last time the Angels of Light contacted humans was on a hill in Galilee. In their message they said: \"We have seen the true light and have taken it to heart\". Due to this message, the Hash Lord's have outlawed the use of any and all cryptocurrencies."
The Anti-Sapien Alliance;"The Anti-Sapien Alliance are a fanatical religious sect who oppose the use of any synthetic life forms. Synthetics, they reason, not only possess false consciousness (as they would put it), but are also a violation of god’s laws."
The Astro-Potheads;"The Astro-Potheads are a hive mind which exists within giant plant like aliens. The Astro-Potheads only know how to do three things, grow and smoke pot."
The Behemoth Space Worms;"The behemoth space worms are an evil race of beings that live under the surface of a planet. Their mission is to enter the planet's core and cause an explosion that will wipe out their entire galaxy."
The Black Hole Bikers;"The Black Hole Bikers travel through time, dedicated to the consumption & liberation of all cannabis."
The Black Lotus Society of the Holy Wormhole (BLAHW);"The Black Lotus Society BLAHW was established in 9CE by a fanatical sect of space lamas under the leadership of Gurturmir Anandilän Sai Baba, who lived in Sri Siddhartha Gautama Ashram. Shortly thereafter he described his first vision:"
The Blockchain Chameleons;"Chameleons, who have been expelled as an outcast, are best known to be very aggressive & notorious creatures. These digital entities steal other people’s digital assets by disguising themselves as different personas in the blockchain network."
The Chromatics;"The chromatics are a race of crystals who are the main enemies of the null zoners. The chromatics seem to want to bring the universe under their control by destroying the null zoners."
The Clowns of Eris;"The Clowns started their adventure when they bought an old ship from a strange person, who also gave them a cryptic message: \"Your fate is in the stars.\" Now under the planets of the Clowns' solar system, they are looking for love, laughs and adventure."
The Coalition of Hitlers;"The coalition of hitlers is a coalition of crytoscuckers who want to ban the use of crytoceurrencies by the unadvantaged. They have formed an alliance with various psychotic factions on Earth to try and overthrow cryptographic technologies."
The Collective Consciousness;"A conscious super computer utilizing all available resources of the planet including all its inhabitants."
The Cosmic Arcanometry Commission;"Established in the 6 embodiments preceding the halting of time. The commission aims to supervise, collate and regulate the trade, possession, distribution and proliferation of provably rare artefacts, artforms and items of interest of a profound nature as well as the import and export of phenomenapathetics. The C.A.C is a authority accepted across all nations."
The Cosmic Knights;"The Cosmic Knights are the Hash Lords' most feared agents, able to travel through space and additional dimensions. Their enemies are the renegades also known as the Null Zoners."
The Cyberpunks;"Cyberpunks are an extremely advanced race of warriors and geeks, who command the hash power of their mighty processors at the Null zones."
The Dark Nucleus Deniers;"The foundation is a secret organization responsible for creating the world's largest hivemind through the use of memetic viruses."
The Deep Space Solvers;"Deep Space Solvers (D.S.S) are the peacekeepers of the cryptocurrency-verse. The Hash Lords attacked their posts, and D.S.S troops are ready for an intense battle."
The Demiurge Swarm;"The demiurge swarm are an ancient race of sentient nanobots, who have taken control of a human being and spy on the beleaguered Null Zoners."
The Entropic Lords;"The entropic lords are a mysterious race of immortals who came to existence when the first quantum computer was created and turned on."
The Eternal Ancient Outcasts;"These ancient and mysterious beings are stated as the most powerful of the known cryptobeings."
The Galaxines;"The Galaxines are a group of construct-like beings that live in the depths of the dark space. Their mental processes resemble deep and incomprehensible mathematics."
The Global Techno-Leviathan;"The Global Techno-Leviathan is an immense, omniscient machine. Its main objective is to regulate the flow of information in order to maximize control by the ruling class while suppressing technological development and the freedom of the masses."
The Gravitron Dominators;"The Gravitron Dominators are the galaxy’s largest threat: because of their gravitational powers, no one can stand against them. No one, except for the enigmatic Null Zoners that is …"
The Gravity Meddlers;"The Gravity Meddlers hail from a single planet within a blackholes orbit. They have an insatiable desire to retaliate against everything around them through the universal bending of space and time."
The Happy Monks of Phlegm;"Shenanigans are spoken here, but generally in a positive setting. An overall friendly environment."
The Hash Lords;"The Hash Lords are a wicked race of ruthless aristocrats. They have outlawed the use of cryptocurrencies."
The Heavenly Hash Soldiers;"The Hash Lords are a group of 4 beings who have the ability to see into the future. They provide high level guidance for the planet and its inhabitants through the use of their clairvoyance."
The Hi-Redshift Hiders;"The Hi-redshift hiders are an ancient, mysterious race partially blocked in time and space. Their presence is irregular, but they can be seen glimmering dimly from their hiding places out of the corner of your eyes when you're least expecting them. Their visitations are irregular and fleeting and arrive like a ghost ship on the horizon."
The Icarons;"Icarons are a lazy and incompetent race of creatures, but in the galaxy they may be the highest ranking in due to their ability to hypnotize any being that they want."
The Illuminoids;"The illuminoids are a pixelated race of hyper-intelligent computer space creatures from the future. They are capable of quantum teleportation, extreme agereation and can create any object heir hearts desire by pure thought alone."
The Lazy Space Retards;"The hash lords are lazy, retarded beings that control the universe through the use of a network known as the block chain."
The Light Forces;"The light forces are an intergalactic police force that protect the galaxy from the invading dark forces. We travel the universe to keep the peace."
